What is the definition of a computer network?
A computer network is a set of computers sharing resources located on or provided by network nodes.
The Internet.
WWW.
The FDE Cycle.
What is the network performance factor that indicates how much data is transfered within a seconds?
Bandwidth.
Latency.
Packet Loss.
Ping.
What is the network performance factor that indicates how quick the data is transfered?
Latency
Error Rate
ISP
Mbps
When connecting to an online game, what are you considered to be?
Client.
Server.
CPU.
NIC.
Which network type is your home likely to be?
peer-to-peer.
client-server.
The Internet.
WAN.
Which of these is the smallest network?
LAN.
WAN.
The Internet.
WWW.
What is the point in a NIC?
A NIC allows a computer to connect to a computer network.
It allows a phone to make calls and texts.
It allows packets to be encrypted.
It allows TLS handshakes to take place.
What is a network hub?
A network hub is a node that broadcasts data to every computer or Ethernet-based device connected to it.
A network hub isolates data and only transmits it to a specific device.
A network hub sends packets to the internet.
A network hub recieves packets from the internet.
What is a network switch?
A network switch forwards data packets between devices. Switches send packets directly to devices, rather than sending them to networks like a router does.
A network switch takes data packets and forwards them to a network.
A network switch converts anologue signals to digital.
A network switch converts digital signals to anologue.
What is a router?
A router is used to send packets across the internet.
A router forwards data packets between devices. routers send packets directly to devices, rather than sending them to networks like a switch does.
A router creates a single aggregate network from multiple networks and allows them to communicate.
A router is a node that broadcasts data to every computer or Ethernet-based device connected to it.
What is a modem?
It converts the internet's anologue signals to the computer's digital and back to allow them to communicate.
A modem is used to send packets across the internet.
A modem forwards data packets between devices. Modems send packets directly to devices, rather than sending them to networks like a router does.
A the is a node that broadcasts data to every computer or Ethernet-based device connected to it.
What is a WAP?
A WAP uses a radio transceiver to allow wireless connections to a network.
It sends packets to the internet.
A WAP forwards data packets between devices. WAPs send packets directly to devices, rather than sending them to networks like a router does.
A WAP converts digital signals to anologue.
Which of the following is an advantage to a star topology?
Easy to add another computer to the network.
If the one of the computers break, the network comes down.
It is more expensive.
This topology provides multiple paths to succeed in the destination.
Which of the following is an advantage to a mesh network?
This topology provides multiple paths to succeed in the destination.
This topology provides tons of redundancy.
Easy to add another computer to the network.
Optimises the use of the NIC.