What is Application Software?
Software that is used to carry out a specific task unrelated to the operation of the computer itself.
Software designed to help analyze, configure, optimize or maintain a computer.
A type of computer program that is designed to run a computer's hardware and application programs.
Defragments the Disk.
What is Utility Software?
Software designed to help analyze, configure, optimize or maintain a computer.
Software that is used to carry out a specific task unrelated to the operation of the computer itself.
A type of computer program that is designed to run a computer's hardware and application programs.
Defragments the Disk.
What is a Management Information System?
A management information system is an information system used for decision-making, and for the coordination, control, analysis, and visualization of information in an organization.
This is a way of structuring the RAM.
This is the only way that Mail can be recieved via POP.
A type of CPU.
What is an Operating System (OS)?
An operating system is system software that manages computer hardware, software resources, and provides common services for computer programs.
Hardware that controls Input and Output.
Application Software that allows the user to play a game.
Application Software that deals with Mail.
What is Proprietary Software?
Software that is sold for money.
Software that is made specially for a single company.
Very unstaible software.
Never costs money.
What is freeware?
Software that is made by a private entity and distributed for free, often with some other method of getting money rather than directly charging.
Software that is sold for money.
Free software that is made by a large group of people in their spare time and has its source code public.
Software that is heavily tested.
What is Shareware?
A type of freeware when a trial is only availabe for a short period of time.
Any software that is free.
Free software that is made by a large group of people in their spare time and has its source code public.
Software that is sold for money.